psalm 118 o give thanks to the Lord for
psalm 118 o give thanks to the Lord for he is good for his mercy endures forever
he is good for his mercy endures forever
he is good for his mercy endures forever let Israel now say his mercy endures
let Israel now say his mercy endures
let Israel now say his mercy endures forever let the house of Aaron now say
forever let the house of Aaron now say
forever let the house of Aaron now say its mercy endures forever let those who
its mercy endures forever let those who
its mercy endures forever let those who fear the Lord now say his mercy endures
fear the Lord now say his mercy endures
fear the Lord now say his mercy endures forever I called on the Lord in distress
forever I called on the Lord in distress
forever I called on the Lord in distress the Lord answered me and set me in a
the Lord answered me and set me in a
the Lord answered me and set me in a broad place the Lord is on my side I
broad place the Lord is on my side I
broad place the Lord is on my side I will not fear what can man do to me the
will not fear what can man do to me the
will not fear what can man do to me the Lord is for me among those who help me
Lord is for me among those who help me
Lord is for me among those who help me therefore I shall see my desire on those
therefore I shall see my desire on those
therefore I shall see my desire on those who hate me it is better to trust in the
who hate me it is better to trust in the
who hate me it is better to trust in the Lord and to put confidence in man it is
Lord and to put confidence in man it is
Lord and to put confidence in man it is better to trust in the Lord than to put
better to trust in the Lord than to put
better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in Princes all nations
confidence in Princes all nations
confidence in Princes all nations surrounded me but in the name of the
surrounded me but in the name of the
surrounded me but in the name of the Lord I will destroy them they surrounded
Lord I will destroy them they surrounded
Lord I will destroy them they surrounded me yes they surrounded me but in the
me yes they surrounded me but in the
me yes they surrounded me but in the name of the Lord I will destroy them
name of the Lord I will destroy them
name of the Lord I will destroy them they surrounded me like bees they were
they surrounded me like bees they were
they surrounded me like bees they were quenched like a fire of thorns or in the
quenched like a fire of thorns or in the
quenched like a fire of thorns or in the name of the Lord I will destroy them you
name of the Lord I will destroy them you
name of the Lord I will destroy them you pushed me violently that I might fall
pushed me violently that I might fall
pushed me violently that I might fall but the Lord helped me the Lord is my
but the Lord helped me the Lord is my
but the Lord helped me the Lord is my strength and song he has become my
strength and song he has become my
strength and song he has become my salvation the voice of rejoicing and
salvation the voice of rejoicing and
salvation the voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tents of the
salvation is in the tents of the
salvation is in the tents of the righteous the right hand of the Lord
righteous the right hand of the Lord
righteous the right hand of the Lord does valiantly the right hand of the
does valiantly the right hand of the
does valiantly the right hand of the Lord is exalted the right hand of the
Lord is exalted the right hand of the
Lord is exalted the right hand of the Lord does valiantly I shall not die but
Lord does valiantly I shall not die but
Lord does valiantly I shall not die but live and declare the works of the Lord
live and declare the works of the Lord
live and declare the works of the Lord the Lord has chastened means severely
the Lord has chastened means severely
the Lord has chastened means severely but he has not given me over to death
but he has not given me over to death
but he has not given me over to death open to me the gates of righteousness I
open to me the gates of righteousness I
open to me the gates of righteousness I will go through them and I will praise
will go through them and I will praise
will go through them and I will praise the Lord this is the gate of the Lord
the Lord this is the gate of the Lord
the Lord this is the gate of the Lord through which the righteous shall enter
through which the righteous shall enter
through which the righteous shall enter I will praise you for you have answered
I will praise you for you have answered
I will praise you for you have answered me and have become my salvation the
me and have become my salvation the
me and have become my salvation the stone which the builders rejected has
stone which the builders rejected has
stone which the builders rejected has become the chief Cornerstone
become the chief Cornerstone
become the chief Cornerstone this was the Lord's doing it is
this was the Lord's doing it is
this was the Lord's doing it is marvelous in our eyes this is the day
marvelous in our eyes this is the day
marvelous in our eyes this is the day the Lord has made we will rejoice and be
the Lord has made we will rejoice and be
the Lord has made we will rejoice and be glad in it save now I pray O Lord O Lord
glad in it save now I pray O Lord O Lord
glad in it save now I pray O Lord O Lord I pray send now prosperity blessed is he
I pray send now prosperity blessed is he
I pray send now prosperity blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord we
who comes in the name of the Lord we
who comes in the name of the Lord we have blessed you from the house of the
have blessed you from the house of the
have blessed you from the house of the Lord God is the Lord and He has given us
Lord God is the Lord and He has given us
Lord God is the Lord and He has given us light bind the sacrifice with cords to
light bind the sacrifice with cords to
light bind the sacrifice with cords to the horns of the altar you are my god
the horns of the altar you are my god
the horns of the altar you are my god and I will praise you you are my god I
and I will praise you you are my god I
and I will praise you you are my god I will exalt you ho give thanks to the
will exalt you ho give thanks to the
will exalt you ho give thanks to the Lord for he is good for his mercy
Lord for he is good for his mercy
Lord for he is good for his mercy endures forever
endures forever
endures forever [Music]